---
layout: post
title: Campfire-1 
subtitle: Hack The Box -Sherlock
cover-img: /assets/img/htb.png
tags: [htb, sherlock, campfire-1]
author: truncet
---
{: .box-note}
**Note:** This was done in window vm in ubuntu.


## Alonzo Spotted Weird files on his computer and informed the newly assembled SOC Team. Assessing the situation it is believed a Kerberoasting attack may have occurred in the network. It is your job to confirm the findings by analyzing the provided evidence. You are provided with: 1- Security Logs from the Domain Controller 2- PowerShell-Operational Logs from the affected workstation 3- Prefetch Files from the affected workstation


The first task is to get csv files from all the evtx files. Once you unzip the files we can see that there are few files, like

Triage/Domain Controller/SECURITY-DC.evtx
Triage/Workstation/Powershell-Operational.evtx

I used zimmermans [EvtxECmd](https://ericzimmerman.github.io/) to get csv files from the .evtx file. I ran the following command.

    mkdir output
    EvtxECmd.exe -f Security.evtx --csv .\output

Run similar for the other evtx files too.
    
There are also several pf files. I saw RUBEUS.EXE-5873E24B.pf which seems unusual. So i used another command to get information from this one.

I used zimmermans [pe.exe](https://ericzimmerman.github.io/) to get csv files from the pf file. I ran the following command.

    pe.exe -f RUBEUS.EXE-5873E24B.pf --csv .\output

This will create a csv file with all the information making it easier to view even in linux systems. 


#### 1) Analyzing Domain Controller Security Logs, can you confirm the date & time when the kerberoasting activity occurred?

**&rArr;**

        {"EventData":{"Data":[{"@Name":"TargetUserName","#text":"alonzo.spire@FORELA.LOCAL"},{"@Name":"TargetDomainName","#text":"FORELA.LOCAL"},{"@Name":"ServiceName","#text":"MSSQLService"},{"@Name":"ServiceSid","#text":"S-1-5-21-3239415629-1862073780-2394361899-1105"},{"@Name":"TicketOptions","#text":"0x40800000"},{"@Name":"TicketEncryptionType","#text":"0x17"},{"@Name":"IpAddress","#text":"::ffff:172.17.79.129"},{"@Name":"IpPort","#text":"58107"},{"@Name":"Status","#text":"0x0"},{"@Name":"LogonGuid","#text":"59f3b9b1-65ed-a449-5ac0-8ea1f68478ee"},{"@Name":"TransmittedServices","#text":"-"}]}}

 We can see the first kerberos made by user alonzo in  **2024-05-21 03:18:09**, EventId 4769.


#### 2) What is the Service Name that was targeted?

**&rArr;** From the above json, we see that the service targetted was **MSSQLService**.

#### 3) It is really important to identify the Workstation from which this activity occurred. What is the IP Address of the workstation?

**&rArr;**  Again, from the above json, we can see the IPAdress of the workstation which is **172.17.79.129**.


#### 4) Now that we have identified the workstation, a triage including PowerShell logs and Prefetch files are provided to you for some deeper insights so we can understand how this activity occurred on the endpoint. What is the name of the file used to Enumerate Active directory objects and possibly find Kerberoastable accounts in the network?

**&rArr;** From the powershell logs, we can see the EventId 4104,a powershell script was executed. We can see the script in all the other logs below too, but in the same event, we can see that the file is **powerview.ps1**.

#### 5) When was this script executed?

**&rArr;** From the same event, we can see that the script was first executed at **2024-05-21 03:16:32**


#### 6) What is the full path of the tool used to perform the actual kerberoasting attack?\

**&rArr;** The tool used in actual attack is **Rubeus**. Its full path can be found from the pf file. It is see as *\VOLUME{01d951602330db46-52233816}\USERS\ALONZO.SPIRE\DOWNLOADS\RUBEUS.EXE* in the event file. Hence the full path is **C:\Users\Alonzo.spire\Downloads\Rubeus.exe**.


#### 7) When was the tool executed to dump credentials?

**&rArr;** From the same csv file, we get the runtime for rubeus to be, **2024-05-21 03:18:08**


